On 3rd July we received Tapan, Neha and Ria at Phoenix (PHX) airport in
the evening. We had rented Buick 'Century' full size car because we also
had to accomodate a child seat for Ria. Their first impression was that
PHX is hot (as expected). After coming home we had a good dinner. Ria was
very playful and having fun. 

On 4th July we left PHX at 7.15am for San Diego (SD). SD is approx. 370
miles from PHX. Taking couple of stops  we reached SD 'DaysInn' around
1.15pm. The hotel belonged to Mr. Patel (a Gujarati). We took some lunch and
rest. We reached world famous SD Zoo at 4.00pm. We spent nearly 4 hours at
Zoo. Guided bus tour, a skyride (ropeway) and little walking around was
enough to see most of the Zoo. We drove thru SD downtown to a beach to 
spend some time their. Around 9.30pm we returned to hotel and had some dinner. 

Next day (5th July) we started at 9.00am for Seaworld. After some heavy
traffic and ticket lines we reached Seaworld at 10.30am. We saw
Dolphin and Sea Lion shows, Shark and Penguin exhibits, a ride to
explore Arctic animals and Ria enjoyed kids play area. We left Seaworld
around 4.30pm for Balboa park. It is a nice park area with old historic
buildings. We spent ~2 hours there. On way to our hotel we also stopped at
Imperial beach for some fun time and to enjoy sunset. 

On 6th July we left hotel around 10.30am for PHX. After taking some
breakfast we left SD at 11.15am. We took our afternoon lunch on way to
PHX. We reached Tempe around 5.00pm. After taking some rest we visited
South Mountain for ~2 hours to get an overview of the PHX downtown and
metro area.

On 7th July early in the morning at 7.00am we dropped Tapan, Neha and Ria
at the airport for their return flight to DC. They left at 8.40am and
reached DC in the afternoon.

After 4 years we all met so we had good time together. Tapan looks same
while Neha has lost ~30 pounds weight. Ria just started speaking 2 weeks
ago so it was fun. She use to call us 'Nimmikaka' and 'Piyukaki'. Overall
we all enjoyed their visit.
------------

On Saturday 12th Sonal, Tusharbhai, Setu and Rishi came to PHX via New
Mexico on their way to LA and San Diego. We were together on Sunday but
could not go out because it was too hot. We just made a long drive around
the town so they can get overview of Tempe and PHX. They left Monday
morning for LA (Pranjali's place) -Disneyland.

Sonal and all came back to Phoenix on their return trip on 23rd. They
will stay overnight and will leave for Colorado on 24th (Thursday). I am
on observing run so Purvi is making sure that they have a nice time.

We enjoyed their short trips. Setu has grown-up. Rishi is very playful
and has started speaking few words during this trip.
--------------------------

